com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/ProductOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.ProductOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderRequestRetrieve.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderRequestRetrieve
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/ProductOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.ProductOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.OrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/OrderRequestRetrieve.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.OrderRequestRetrieve
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/InformationServices.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.InformationServices
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/OrderProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.OrderProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/OrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.OrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/MainApp.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.MainApp
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/OrderProcessor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.OrderProcessor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.OrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/Shopper.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.Shopper
com/kodilla/good/patterns/food2door/Product.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.food2door.Product
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/MovieStore.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.MovieStore
